5-Mar-16
Q1) How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug 
that was introduced?
A) Using FC on windows on 2 versions of a file was really tedious 
 and called for high level of attention. Very prone to mistakes and misses.
 Finding line number was even more tedious and time consuming.
 
Q2) How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
 efficient programmer in the long term?
A) Lot of time saving will happen. Changes will be easy to track.
  Fall back to old versions will be easy.
  Can do lots of experiments or room for creativity as there will be no worry 
  of UNDO.
 
3) What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create 
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like 
Google Docs does?
A) Pros: i) Have control on when to commit and avoid having too many auto saved 
				versions.
				ii) Have provision to put comments, which helps to track what the commit was for.
	 Cons: i) If manual commit is forgotten, and code is left unattended for some time/day,
				then it is easy to forgot the changes done.
				ii) If system crashes and changes made were not commited then all changes since
					last commit will be lost.
					
4) Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple 
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A) Documents are fairly independant whereas coding has inter dependancies spread
in multiple lines.

5) How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A) With GIT LOG, we can view all the commits with their comments and IDs. 
Use the comments to find the commit that we want to check. Use this commit ID and 
its previous versions ID and use it in git command: GIT DIFF ID1 ID2 to see the 
difference the history.

6-Mar-16
6) How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A)Using VC, I can revert to previous version and check if it was working fine or 
was the bug introduced there. When bug is found it can easily be fixed.


7) Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A) I want to use Git to start developing android applications.

